[DOCS-694] RUM new dashboards (#6768)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/dashboards/errors_dashboard.md

---
title: RUM Error Dashboard
kind: documentation
further_reading:
    - link: '/real_user_monitoring/installation/advanced_configuration'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Advanced configuration for RUM data collection'
    - link: '/real_user_monitoring/explorer'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Explore your views within Datadog'
---

> The errors dashboard provides insights about your applications’ errors. It is separated in 2 sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The errors dashboard provides insights about your applications’ errors. It is separated in two sections:
```

- **General errors**:

>     Visualize which pages, browser, and countries are the most affected by front-end errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Visualize which pages, browser, and countries are the most affected by frontend errors.
```
